Extend bone override capabilities (#12388)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.txt

    object.
* `set_detach()`
* `set_bone_position([bone, position, rotation])`

> 	* Shorthand for `set_bone_override(bone, {position = {x = position.x, y = position.y, z = position.z, absolute = true}, rotation = {x = rotation.x, y = rotation.y, z = rotation.z, absolute = true}})`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* Shorthand for `set_bone_override(bone, {position = ..., rotation = ...})` using absolute values.
```

	* Supports older servers & clients (< 5.6)
	* **Deprecated**, use `set_bone_override` instead
* `get_bone_position(bone)`: returns position and rotation of the bone
	* Shorthand for `get_bone_override(bone).position.vector, get_bone_override(bone).rotation.vector`
	* **Deprecated**, use `get_bone_override` instead
* `set_bone_override(bone, override)`
    * `bone`: string

>     * `override`: `{ position = property, rotation = property, scale = property }` or `nil`

Reviewer: +4 spaces for each indent, especially for the `absolute` part above to easier distinguish the sub-lists.

	* Shorthand for `get_bone_override(bone).position.vector, get_bone_override(bone).rotation.vector`
	* **Deprecated**, use `get_bone_override` instead
* `set_bone_override(bone, override)`
    * `bone`: string
    * `override`: `{ position = property, rotation = property, scale = property }` or `nil`
        * `override = nil` (or nothing) is shorthand for `override = {}` which clears the override
        * `property`: `{ x = ..., y = ..., z = ..., interpolation_duration = 0, absolute = false}` or `nil`;
          setting a property to `nil` is equivalent to no override on that property
        * `x`, `y` and `z` are in blocksize for position and scale (times ten), and in degrees for rotation
        * `absolute`: If set to `false`, the override will be relative to the animated property:
            * Transposition in the case of `position`;
            * Composition in the case of `rotation`;
            * Multiplication in the case of `scale`
        * `interpolation_duration`: Time it takes (on the client, in seconds) to interpolate between the old & new value
    * Not supported by older servers (< 5.6);
      older clients (< 5.6) support only position & rotation

>       and will ignore interpolation & relativity entirely

Author: The ideas is that if modders use relative or interpolated values, they require their clients to be 5.7+. Other options include:

* Don't send update bone position commands to clients if they don't fully support them (probably the best option; what about interpolation though?)
* Add a new command
* Create a redundant bone position / bone override system to allow sending different values to older clients; this would be best for compat, but worst for the codebase and the effort required

Client visuals will not match what the server expects the client to see either way however, but not overriding the bones at all is probably more graceful than improperly overriding them.

    object.
* `set_detach()`
* `set_bone_position([bone, position, rotation])`
	* Shorthand for `set_bone_override(bone, {position = ..., rotation = ...})` using absolute values.
	* Supports older servers & clients (< 5.6)
	* **Deprecated**; use `set_bone_override` instead

> * `get_bone_position(bone)`: returns position and rotation of the bone

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `get_bone_position(bone)`: returns the previously set position and rotation of the bone
```

	* Shorthand for `get_bone_override(bone).position.vector, get_bone_override(bone).rotation.vector`
	* **Deprecated**, use `get_bone_override` instead
* `set_bone_override(bone, override)`
    * `bone`: string
    * `override`: `{ position = property, rotation = property, scale = property }` or `nil`

>         * `property`: `{ x = ..., y = ..., z = ..., interpolation_duration = 0, absolute = false}` or `nil`;

Reviewer 2: I think something like `interpolate_dur` or just `interpolate` would be better

--

Also mixing tables too much is annoying.
Any reason not to use `{ pos = {...}, interpolate = 0, absolute = false }`?

Edit: This is double bad because the engine will return a vector with a metatable set and everything but also contains foreign fields. Definitely needs changing.

>             * `x`, `y` and `z` are in blocksize for position and scale (times ten), and in degrees for rotation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            * `x`, `y` and `z` are in same coordinate system as the model, and in degrees for rotation
```

        * `property = nil` is equivalent to no override on that property
        * `absolute`: If set to `false`, the override will be relative to the animated property:
            * Transposition in the case of `position`;
            * Composition in the case of `rotation`;
            * Multiplication in the case of `scale`
        * `interpolation_duration`: Time it takes (on the client, in seconds) to interpolate between the old & new value
    * `override = nil` (including omission) is shorthand for `override = {}` which clears the override
    * Compatibility note: Clients prior to 5.7.0 only support absolute position and rotation.
      All values are treated as absolute and are set immediately (no interpolation).
* `get_bone_override(bone)`: returns `override` in the above format

> * `get_bone_overrides()`: returns bone overrides as table `{[bonename] = override, ...}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `get_bone_overrides()`: returns all bone overrides as table `{[bonename] = override, ...}`
```
